city,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\city.jpg
what,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\what.jpg
across,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\across.jpg
your,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\across.jpg
before,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\before.jpg
bring,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\bring.jpg
high,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\high.jpg
how,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\how.jpg
in,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\in.jpg
meet,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\meet.jpg
name,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\name.jpg
nice,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\nice.jpg
type,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\type.jpg
use,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\use.jpg
when,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\when.jpg
where,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\where.jpg
which,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\which.jpg
who,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\who.jpg
why,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\why.jpg
work,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\work.jpg
you,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\you.jpg
your,C:\D drive\Projects\SignLang\databse\your.jpg